## Instruction on my homework 2
### Instruction for the Main class
1. Explanation on Main class
First, I initialize the the two players by assign them an index 1 or 2. The player 1 always goes first, and player 2 always goes after player 1. Then, set up ten equipments by input their gear type, gear name, whether it's combined already, and their attack & defense strength. I initialize the battle1 object by input the 10 equipments. While the game is continuing(which means at least one player can add more equipment), then I call the chooseEquipment method. The functionality for this method is to add equipments to the player in the current round. After the game ends, I print out the attack points, defend points, equipment names for both players. Finally, print out the winner by calling the getWinner method in the end.

2. Explanation on my Design
In my design, the Player class inherited from the Character interface, and the Gear class inherited from the Equipment interface. The Battle class works as a driver class that determines which player should go and choose an equipment in the current round. And my assumption for the game is, the players always choose to combine the selective equipment to the equipments he or she already has. If it doesn't works for combination, then choose from the equipment that has the strongest attack strength, follows by the strongest defend strength. If the player is able to combine the equipment he/she already has then it turns to the other player; however, if the player is not able to combine for this round, he/she would add the strongest equipment directly, and then turns to the other player.
